Mojang just made baby zombies easier to
kill, added a new note block instrument,
a bunch of new baby mob variants, and
more in the newest Minecraft snapshot.
Here's everything they added. First, a
while ago, Mojang added sound variants
to wolves, giving them even more
customization than just their looks. And
Mojang just added new sound variants to
cats, pigs, cows, and chickens. Next,
not just got a new instrument, the
trumpet, which plays if you place a note
block on a copper block. And the
oxidization level of the copper also
changes the sound of the trumpet. Next,
a bunch more baby mobs got their
textures and models changed, so they're
no longer just smaller versions of their
adults. Baby zombies, husks, and drowns
look pretty much the same. Piglins and
zombified piglins have cartman's build
now, and baby villagers and zombie
villagers got the bottom part of their
face chopped off for some reason. And
finally, their hit boxes all got much
bigger.